DOMString -> string (#16017)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/request/index.md

const bodyUsed = request.bodyUsed;
```

> > **Note:** The body type can only be a {{domxref("Blob")}}, {{domxref("BufferSource")}}, {{domxref("FormData")}}, {{domxref("URLSearchParams")}}, string, or {{domxref("ReadableStream")}} type, so for adding a JSON object to the payload you need to stringify that object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The body can only be a {{domxref("Blob")}}, a {{domxref("BufferSource")}}, a {{domxref("FormData")}}, a {{domxref("URLSearchParams")}}, a {{domxref("ReadableStream")}}, or a {{jsxref("String")}} object, as well as a string literal, so for adding a JSON object to the payload you need to stringify that object.
```
